Zhang Shoucheng, this is heaven and earth
Is that him? No
That's him
Ahahahaha
Forgive people well
Nezha
Lao Laojun
Empress, I have become immortal after death
Heaven and Earth Rebirth
Three Realms Owner
I wait to see heaven and earth
Heaven and earth, how can I be heaven and earth
Ah no no no I can't die
I can't die.
I have to go back and earn money to see my mother
No I beg you I beg you please forgive me
Wait for me.
Wait, where will you bury your longevity?
Can't afford it?
Stop making trouble
No way.
Oh, I beg you, Your Excellency, the stairs
Heaven and earth are evil
Please also invite heaven and earth to ascend the throne
Please also invite the emperor to ascend the throne
Take charge of the third brother
Hey, what kind of world?
I am Zhang Xiucheng
The earth disappeared for 30,000 years
Now back
As long as you are in position
You can humanely break the way of heaven
forever
Take control of the three realms of reincarnation, and return to the position of the immortal
Really.
step by step
Am I really the enemy?